okay here we have the malayan wolf snake
like it in sub maculatus I think it is
you know I don't remember that I just
checked the book so I haven't caught
this one yet and this Nick had a lot of
energy we were told by one of the Thai
staff that they had a snake at their
house he's already and this one's about
what would you say 70 centimeters about
70 centimeters it has the white bands
it's got three pretty decent white bands
the fourth one is almost gone as it
turns into an adult which it almost is
it will lose the bands and just have a
little bit of white behind the behind
the head and maybe it won't have any at
all you can see the shape of the head is
not crate like at all it's almost like
an arrow arrow head this one has so much
energy man he really can go I'm going to
try to keep him away from the cars down
at the bottom of the hill as long as he
keeps going up the hill that's great
he's going to wear himself out and we'll
be able to get some nice still photos
anyway these are collar birds they are
Elliot and I were just speaking about
calibrates being all venomous to some
degree and it's true they all have some
venom this one is not listed at all as
as dangerous in any way to humans but
neither was the redneck kill back rubbed
off his sub many artists and look what
happened to that one it's now classified
as a deadly snake so if if a snake bites
you for a long time you are in new
territory and anything can happen I mean
nobody does experiments where snake
bites down on somebody for 30 seconds or
more so this snake could be deadly as
well you never really know so that's an
argument for not picking up any snake
you really don't need to pick up and how
often do you really need to pick up a
snake so these are long and slender look
at the body type really long and slender
it has the same kind of body as a as the
golden tree snake and also well it's
even longer than the laotian wolf snake
I'd say it looks mostly like the golden
tree snake as far as body shape you can
see light light banding on the side
white banding I don't look at them was
like all right how do I get out how do I
get out of here anyway so he was in the
arm it was in like the rafter area of
the of the top of a bamboo hut Elliot
found a frog a tree frog down below
which it could have been after probably
was because it probably smelled it and
he also found a um a big tokay gecko so
this snake is slightly keeled so it can
climb and because it's so thin and long
I think it could probably climb pretty
well anyway great snake is tired a
little bit I guess I'm going to switch
to UM still photos and get some some
photos and then we'll let him go up
somewhere close to where he was or maybe
by another bungalow here I don't think
he hasn't struck yet right yeah no
strikes yet not like we gave him
anything to strike out really good
Steve only some girls